for the landing page, straight off, I want something interactive, I'm looking at something to do with cursor movement as that is very usually the first thing users do after landing. 

so either confetti/star type stuff. I think we should decide on an overall theme for the website and this confetti thing should be linked to the theme,for eg if you want this to be a space themed or a f1 themed website. 


Okay I think I have an idea, I want each slide to represent specific hobbies within my life;
for eg the skills page should have a f1 theme where I represent skills based on the f1 sector viewer like purple green and orange with the bars and the bg needs to have something to do with f1. 

okay and I have an idea on how I want the website to look now, we start of with the landing page, and it has the scroller animation to the bottom and that brings us on to a different page, and that has different pages to go to on the left right or bottom, maybe even top all represent by arrows flashing, and that page also has 3/4 different links with different pages to go through, and after you get to the last page, it should say this is the end blah blh blah and then zoom out to see all the pages laid out on the canvas, like a unfolded box and each square/rectangle can be revisited. 

offffffff I think that's really really good


so to sum up we land on the index and have some sort of interactive confetti type thing based on cursor movement also im still getting used to every breath you take being the only song im playing,as im still expecting sub consciously for a diff song. 

so anyway after landing we get the option to go down, and then the page will have the option to go either direction and that page will have same and so on until last page and then zoom out to show the bigger picture

each page must have something impressive within in, like say a guitar sim on one, cool f1 aerodynamic animation on one, interesting chess game with the bot saying funny shit, everything basically that I do for a hobby that needs to be included on here. im thinking minimum like 8 slides. Lets see tho. 



okay so pages that at initial idea would be are:

1. landing 
2. projects 
3. skills (f1) 
4. chess (game area of left hand side and live stats from chess.com)
5. experience 
6. certifications 
7. Cricket (start maintaining full stats)
8. photography
9. journey finish.


okay so to monitor what pages need to be rendered with each arrow,
I think we need to have dynamic links in place, where when an arrow is clicked it will trigger a func in them ain script and that will pick a random number and choose between the existing ones in the array, and remove that element from the array, so each time a link is clicked, it is guaranteed to give a new unvisited page, this will however pose the issue of not being able to go back, if I do want to fix that, idk if I do, I could add a variable that keeps track of what arrow was pressed to get here(which direction) and could check if the opposite of that is triggered and can take it back. but idk ill see.


okay so for the projects page, its gonna be a game where you are in a rocket, you use wasd and head to HQ base. where you can choose between options like python,html/css and formula student, im looking the biger picture where in the future im gonna have projects in different languages so that will only increase in size, as of now its gonna be 3. After selecting a option, each of which will have a different ship, you can shoot/destroy obstacles like we did with the gamemaker ones, you can also add gamemaker as  section or like others. Anyways, once you select an option you have to defeat the obstacles and after which you will arrive at the section specific HQ3 (for eg) and that will show all L3 projects and you will refuel ship and you will once again head out in search of HQ2, maybe not make all to be above and have a x and y coordinate, anyways yeah the distance to HQ2 from HQ3 will be larger than the distance from HQ base to HQ3 and repeat for HQ1. After which you get to warp travel to base. Now I think about it I wanna add different games for different sections, like the spaceship for one, a driving one where you can drive to different projects and have a look and after you're done you can head back to base. And other one mayb something like playing another game or summin like that. 

*** one thing to make sure tho is that they don't feel too long, the games themselves ***


for the photography page add the cool slider that hyperplex taught

download fonts into assets to make it better in terms of locally running

fix the visibility bugs on reload.



add some sort of particle animations ideally interactive on the home page. 


good ui
snappy animations
less cluttery 


okay game changing idea - instead of having the random thing, we will guide it through and it we then zoom out to show 

JP.

okay so there are going to be: 

down : 3
right: 2
left : 2
up   : 1


there are going to be 9 pages, the new page would be a end of journey kinda page. the good thing is, this design is easily scalable so yh.


okay 1st down is skills
2nd down is projects
3rd down is finish page

1st left is certifications
2nd left is chess

1st right is guitar
2nd right is photography

1st up is cricket
    0  100 2 300    vw
  0    x  
100    x   x x
200  x x   x x
300        x  
vh

vw/vh config

index : 0,100vw 

down : 
100vh/200vh + 100vw

left :
200vh 0vw / 0vh/300vw

up: 
0vh 300vw

right:
200vh/vw / 100vh 300vw



// update > 9/25

so at this stage we are at a stage where we have finalised the design, so we got 9 pages we direct them to a certain direction nswe with curated random 'slides' and on the final page there is a thank you, and then a button which when clicked zooms out to reveal '.Jp' by the pages which would still be functional 

the next step would be to finalise what the content of the pages should be 

1.index - intro
2.skills - f1 based skills meter with f1 car 
3.projects - a podium depicting current/prev/future projects 3 and links to full projects/github
4.certs - 
5.experience
6.playable chess game with live stats (chess game needs to be made)
7.photography - need to decide what presentation method
8.cricket - need to decide on wether to keep page/presentation options 
9. thank you page.


done(framework) --

index
skills
projects
photography

done(fully)

index
skills


to be done - 

certs 
experience
chess
cricket
thank you 